### Initial metabolic cages GF experiment
##### 11.25.2019<br>Sumeed Yoyo Manzoor<br>[The Chang Lab](https://changlab.uchicago.edu/) at the University of Chicago
###### Continued from [11/21/2019](2019.11.21.html).<br>Continued on []().

1. In a designated sterile side of the BSC, sterile tools were kept such as forceps and Eppendorf
2. The empty cage and cage 3 (with the GF mouse in it) (both cages: nonsterile exterior, sterile interior, per [11/21/2019](2019.11.21.md)) were placed next to each other in the BSC
3. The cage lids were opened by the nonsterile person while I (the sterile person) carefully ensured the wires were unplugged and did not touch the exterior of the cages
4. For the empty cage, the modules and hoppers were removed and placed on the sterile side of the BSC
5. The modules for cage 3 were lifted. The hoppers were removed and replaced by the hoppers from the sterile BSC. The modules were placed in the empty cage.
6. The mouse was put into the empty cage using forceps. Since I only had two hands and limited sterile BSC space, I removed the mass module/hopper from the empty cage and placed it in the sterile area, then used one hand to lift cage 3 rack while the other hand used forceps to put the mouse in the empty cage through the mass module space on the rack
7. Fecal sample was collected by lifting entire rack and handling mouse until he pooped, then scooping poop with Eppendorf. Unfortunately, I also picked up a bunch of bedding, so that sucks
8. Cage lid was carefully replaced. Cage with mouse was hooked up to #3 on the rack system

Old cage will be cage washed then autoclaved for the next wave of GF experiments.

_In the future_, we do not need modules in the replacement cage since they won't be calibrated anyway. That will help with expediting the sterilization process.  
The old cage can be reused for another GF experiment, given modules are available for calibration. Today we did not attempt this. I considered it, but I think there's the possibility that the cage lost sterility, and since we'll need it to be definitely sterile in the experiments planned for after Thanksgiving, it would only hinder us if we assumed sterility instead of just resterilizing it along with the stuff that is going to be sent out later anyway.

### Initial metabolic cages GF experiment fecal processing
###### Continued from [11/22/2019](2019.11.22.md).<br>Continued on []().
