### Setting up cages for GF Sable System experiment
##### 11.7.2019<br>Sumeed Yoyo Manzoor<br>[The Chang Lab](https://changlab.uchicago.edu/) at the University of Chicago
###### Continued on [11/8/2019](2019.11.08.md#Setting-up-cages-for-GF-Sable-System-experiment).

Experimental outline:<br>
Two cages will be set up to be fully **sterile**. One will be used to hold the mouse and do the recordings. The other will be fully equipped to be used as 'spare parts' for the recording cage, in case any spot changes are required.
1. Items are first cage cagewashed
2. Gas sterilizable items are packaged and sterilized
3. Autoclaveable items are packaged and autoclaved

Today, I need to set up for gas sterilizing:
- All the equipment for two cages, such that the items can be rationally pulled out in order when setting up cages later.
- Some of the equipment for a third cage, packaged individually
  - mass hopper
  - water bottle
  - rubber stopper

For the two cages that will be set up in tandem
1. In 7.5" x 13" gas sterilizing bag, the food, water, and mass hoppers were placed upside down. This was done for the modules of both cages. Bag was sealed.
2. In the same size bag, 2 mass hoppers, 2 water bottles, and 2 rubber stoppers were placed in the bag. Bag was sealed.
3. In the same size bag (`next time I should use a smaller size bag`), 3 200g weights, 1 small metal nut (for weighing), 2 wires, 2 plastic wingnuts, and 4 orange push-to-connect fittings were placed and the bag was sealed.
4. The four bags were inserted into a larger 13" x 20" bag in the following order:
   1. The 2 bags of modules, placed widthwise and pushed all the way to the back and kept upright. Care was taken to make sure the material wasn't stretched and pushing down on the modules.
   2. The bag of ancillary equipment (wires, weights, etc.) was placed lengthwise and slid under the bag of modules
   3. The bag of mass modules and bottles, placed widthwise and on top of the bag of ancillary equipment

When working in the hood, I envision that the cages will be autoclaved with one package containing the bottom containing bedding, metal rack, and food and water hoppers and another package for the lid. The **sterile** person will set the bottom first. The hoppers will be set aside (outside the cage, in the hood). Then, the gas sterilized items will be opened and the modules placed in the rack. The lid will be taken out of the autoclaved bags and setup (wires, gas lines (maybe)) and the modules all hooked up. The **nonsterile** person will take the cage and attach it to the system and zero it. Meanwhile, the **sterile** person can weigh the hoppers and load the calibration weights into the hoppers. At this point, the cage exterior will not be sterile. The **nonsterile** person will bring the cage back and keep it in the **nonsterile** section of the BSC. The **nonsterile** person will need to carefully remove the cage top. The **sterile** person will then take out the modules, attach the calibration hoppers, and replace the modules without touching any part of the exterior of the cage. The **nonsterile** person can then take the cage, reattach to the system, calibrate, and bring back to the **nonsterile** section of the BSC. The **nonsterile** person will carefully remove the cage top. The **sterile** person can then take out the modules, remove calibration weights, add in food, water, and mass hopper with respective amounts of food and water, then replace the modules. At this point, the cage is calibrated and setup. The mouse can be added at this point, or the cage can be closed by the **nonsterile** person and hooked up to the system for testing.
