### Initial metabolic cages GF experiment
##### 11.21.2019<br>Sumeed Yoyo Manzoor<br>[The Chang Lab](https://changlab.uchicago.edu/) at the University of Chicago
###### Continued from [11/14/2019](2019.11.14.md).<br>Continued on [11/25/2019](2019.11.25.md).

The cages were setup as described [previously](../SOPs/Metabolic%20Cages%20GF%20setup%20and%20calibration.html).<br>
Some major points of consideration for future attempts:
- The GF items should be sterilized on a per cage basis instead of multiple cage items in one bag. That way, there won't be too many items taking up sterile space in the hood that are being unused.
- The sterile person needs to be very familiar with opening and closing the lids, since they will be opening and closing in difficult situations. The nonsterile person also needs to be familiar with the lids. A particularly useful trick to know as well is the 'wrapping wire around the handles without touching the wires.'

Mouse placed into cage: 5634, iso 26, c.14

Future workflow:
- Cages are setup and calibrated. Only cage equipment is brought in and out of the hood
- Mice are brought in in cages and cages are filled with food and water. Food can remain in the hood during this part, while water will need to be poured by the nonsterile person.

### Initial metabolic cages GF experiment fecal processing

###### Derived from [above](#initial-metabolic-cages-gf-experiment).<br>Continued on [11/22/2019](2019.11.22.md)

We will take fecal samples at three points:
1. The initial mouse placed into the cage
2. The cage change planned for Monday, 11/25
3. The end of the experiment, before the mouse is sac'd

1.5 mL Eppendorfs were [autoclaved in sterile bags](../TODO.md#11202019).

Fecal pellet, collected from Nalgene container mouse was transported from, was scooped into sterile Eppendorf for later quality control testing.  

Pellet weighs 0.0390 g

In 2mL screwcap, added Zirconia bead, 1mL TNES, and 20μL 20mg/mL Proteinase K and pellet. Also made a blank with no pellet. Beads were bead beated for 2 min at 1 min cycles, then shook at 55°C O/N.
